Relese Notes update for v4.3.1 (#1851)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/release_notes/ibexa_dxp_v4.3.md

| Ibexa Content  | Ibexa Experience  | Ibexa Commerce |
|--------------|------------|------------|
| [Ibexa Content v4.3](https://github.com/ibexa/content/releases/tag/v4.3.0) | [Ibexa Experience v4.3](https://github.com/ibexa/experience/releases/tag/v4.3.0) | [Ibexa Commerce v4.3](https://github.com/ibexa/commerce/releases/tag/v4.3.0)|

## v4.3.1

### New REST API endpoints 

> You can now use new routes to REST API that confirm if the User is logged in,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use new REST API routes that confirm whether the User is logged in,
```

without invoking any other route:

> - GET `/user/current` - redirects to current User load API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GET `/user/current` - redirects to current User API load.
```

- GET `/user/sessions/current` - returns a current User Session object.

> You can retrieve, add and remove users from a segment with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retrieve, add and remove users from a Segment with:
```

> - GET `/user/users/:userId/segments` - retrieves Segments for a given User.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- GET `/user/users/{userId}/segments` - retrieves Segments for a given User.
```
to be consistent with how we write in in the reference

> - POST `/user/users/:userId/segments` - assigns User to one or more Segments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- POST `/user/users/{userId}/segments` - assigns User to one or more Segments.
```

> - DELETE `/user/users/:userId/segments/:segmentIdentifier` - unassigns User from a Segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DELETE `/user/users/{userId}/segments/{segmentIdentifier}` - unassigns User from a Segment.
```

You can retrieve the defined languages with:

- GET `/languages`- returns a defined language list.
- GET `/languages/{languageCode}` - returns a single language.

### New service for token-based authentication

> The new release adds `Ibexa\Contracts\Rest\Security\AuthorizationHeaderRESTRequestMatcher` service that can be used instead of `Ibexa\AdminUi\REST\Security\NonAdminRESTRequestMatcher` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new release adds `Ibexa\Contracts\Rest\Security\AuthorizationHeaderRESTRequestMatcher` service that can be used instead of `Ibexa\AdminUi\REST\Security\NonAdminRESTRequestMatcher`.
```

> It allows our REST API endpoints to work with cookie based authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows REST API endpoints to work with cookie-based authentication.
```

## v4.3.1

### New REST API endpoints 

You can now use new REST API routes that confirm whether the User is logged in,
without invoking any other route:

- GET `/user/current` - redirects to current User API load.
- GET `/user/sessions/current` - returns a current User Session object.

You can retrieve, add and remove users from a Segment with:

- GET `/user/users/{userId}/segments` - retrieves Segments for a given User.
- POST `/user/users/{userId}/segments` - assigns User to one or more Segments.
- DELETE `/user/users/{userId}/segments/{segmentIdentifier}` - unassigns User from a Segment.

You can retrieve the defined languages with:

- GET `/languages`- returns a defined language list.
- GET `/languages/{languageCode}` - returns a single language.

### New service for token-based authentication

The new release adds `Ibexa\Contracts\Rest\Security\AuthorizationHeaderRESTRequestMatcher` service that can be used instead of `Ibexa\AdminUi\REST\Security\NonAdminRESTRequestMatcher`.
It allows REST API endpoints to work with cookie-based authentication.

### PIM improvement

> You can now retrieve Customer Group by implementing `Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\CustomerGroupResolverInterface` interface and tagging it with `ibexa.product_catalog.customer_group.resolver`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now retrieve Customer Group by implementing the `Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\CustomerGroupResolverInterface` interface and tagging it with `ibexa.product_catalog.customer_group.resolver`.
```
